Now we can discuss margin or padding properties.

The CSS margin properties are used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.
With CSS, you have full control over the margins. There are properties for setting the margin for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).
CSS has properties for specifying the margin for each side of an element:

margin-top
margin-right
margin-bottom
margin-left
All the margin properties can have the following values:

auto - the browser calculates the margin
length - specifies a margin in px, pt, cm, etc.
% - specifies a margin in % of the width of the containing element.
Tip: Negative values are allowed.

The margin property is a shorthand property for the following individual margin properties:
margin: 25px 50px 75px 100px;
top margin is 25px
right margin is 50px
bottom margin is 75px
left margin is 100px

If the margin property has three values:
margin: 25px 50px 75px;
top margin is 25px
right and left margins are 50px
bottom margin is 75px

If the margin property has two values:
margin: 25px 50px;
top and bottom margins are 25px
right and left margins are 50px

If the margin property has one value:
margin: 25px;
all four margins are 25px

You can set the margin property to auto to horizontally center the element within its container.
The element will then take up the specified width, and the remaining space will be split equally between the left and right margins.




Padding is used to create space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.
The CSS padding properties are used to generate space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.

With CSS, you have full control over the padding. There are properties for setting the padding for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).

CSS has properties for specifying the padding for each side of an element:

padding-top
padding-right
padding-bottom
padding-left
All the padding properties can have the following values:

length - specifies a padding in px, pt, cm, etc.
% - specifies a padding in % of the width of the containing element.
Tip: Negative values are allowed.

The padding property is a shorthand property for the following individual padding properties:
padding: 25px 50px 75px 100px;
top padding is 25px
right padding is 50px
bottom padding is 75px
left padding is 100px

If the padding property has three values:
padding: 25px 50px 75px;
top padding is 25px
right and left paddings are 50px
bottom padding is 75px

If the padding property has two values:
padding: 25px 50px;
top and bottom paddings are 25px
right and left paddings are 50px

If the padding property has one value:
padding: 25px;
all four paddings are 25px

Use the box-sizing property to keep the width at 300px, no matter the amount of padding:
div {
  width: 300px;
  padding: 25px;
  box-sizing: border-box;
}