Now we discuss CSS Borders.

The CSS border properties allow you to specify the style, width, and color of an element's border.
The border-style property specifies what kind of border to display.
The following values are allowed:
dotted - Defines a dotted border.
dashed - Defines a dashed border.
solid - Defines a solid border.
double - Defines a double border.
groove - Defines a 3D grooved border. The effect depends on the border-color value.
ridge - Defines a 3D ridged border. The effect depends on the border-color value.
inset - Defines a 3D inset border. The effect depends on the border-color value.
outset - Defines a 3D outset border. The effect depends on the border-color value.
none - Defines no border.
hidden - Defines a hidden border.
The border-style property can have from one to four values (for the top border, right border, bottom border, and the left border).
Example:
       .conatiner {border-style: dotted dashed solid double;}



The border-width property specifies the width of the four borders.
The width can be set as a specific size (in px, pt, cm, em, etc) or by using one of the three pre-defined values: thin, medium, or thick.
Border-width style used for to create a border line/width which I want to like 2px,3px line etc.
The border-width property can have from one to four values (for the top border, right border, bottom border, and the left border).
Example:
        border-width: 5px 20px; ( 5px top and bottom, 20px on the sides )
        border-width: 25px 10px 4px 35px; ( 25px top, 10px right, 4px bottom and 35px left )
    


The border-color property is used to set the color of the four borders.
The color can be set by:
name - specify a color name, like "red"
HEX - specify a HEX value, like "#ff0000"
RGB - specify a RGB value, like "rgb(255,0,0)"
HSL - specify a HSL value, like "hsl(0, 100%, 50%)"
transparent.



The border property is a shorthand property for the following individual border properties:
border-width
border-style (required)
border-color
Example:
        border: 5px solid red;



The border-radius property is used to add rounded borders to an element.
Other is that you can study on internet and practice these styles.